Changes in Version 0.4-1

    o    Add '...' to the 'VarCorr' method for 'olmm' objects to resolve
         the warning since 'nlme' version 3.1-123.

    o    Because of an internal bug the print method for 'fvcm' objects
         printed always 'Bagging based varying coefficient model', even if
	 'mtry < Inf'. Bug fixed. Thanks Michel Ballings for the hint.

    o    In cases of 'mtry = Inf' the algorithm returned an error. Now
         'mtry = Inf' is allowed.

    o    In cases of 'mtry < Inf' the 'print.fvcm' shows now the set 'mtry'
         parameter.

    o    Improved the 'coef' method for models fitted with 'tvcm', 'tvcglm'
         or 'tvcolmm'. 'by' variables of 'vc' terms without splits are not
         anymore assigned to fixed i.e. main effects. 

    o    Corrected internal bug of 'predict.fvcm'. Except for 'type = "coef"',
         and models with 'family = gaussian()' or 'family = cumulative()',
         predictions gave wrong results. Sorry.

    o    The default setting for 'na.action' on 'tvcolmm', 'tvcglm', 'tvcm'
         and 'olmm' is set to 'na.action = na.omit'. Thanks to the anonymous
         referee of JSS.

    o    Added the argument 'fast' to 'tvcglm_control'

Changes in Version 0.3-3

    o    Corrected issues with moderators with name 'x' in 'vc' terms. Thanks
    	 Jonathan Williams for the hint.

    o    Corrected issues in cases no 'vc' terms are specified in 'tvcm' or 
         'fvcm'. In these cases there will be a warning message and a linear
         model as specified in 'fit' will be returned. Correction carries over
         to 'tvcglm', 'tvcolmm', 'fvcolmm' and 'fvcglm'.

Changes in Version 0.3-3

    o    Replaced 'ptry', 'ntry' and 'vtry' parameters for random
         selections of the 'fvcm' function by 'mtry', see the 'fvcm_control' 
 	 function. 'mtry' specifies the number of random selections of 
	 combinations of partition, node and variable.

    o    Removed internal bugs of the 'tvcolmm' and 'tvglm' functions. The 
         changes have no consequences for the users. 

    o    Removed internal bugs in 'fvcm'.

    o    Improved help file of 'fvcm'.

    o    Changed the defaults for 'maxwidth' and 'maxdepth' in 'tvcm_control'
         from '1e9' to 'Inf'.

    o    Changed default parameters for the number of folds and verbose in 
         'fvcm_control', 'fvcolmm_control' and 'fvcglm_control'. 


Changes in Version 0.3-2
	
    o    Changed a default definition for 'formula' of 'olmm'. Terms
         which are not specified by 'ce' or 'ge' are now always assigned
         to 'ge' terms. The old revision used a model specific assignement.
         It is generally best to use the 'ce' and 'ge' terms to get
         the desired model.

    o    Corrected labels for random effects of 'olmm' objects.

    o    Revision of the 'predict' method for 'olmm'. The new function 
         implements the three prediction option of Skrondal and 
         Rabe-Hesketh (2009).

    o    Revised references.


Changes in Version 0.3-1

    o    Improvements for 'prunepath' method. 

    o    Moved documentation of 'prunepath' to 'tvcm-assessment'.

    o    Added example for 'prune'.

    o    Internal changes in 'estfun.olmm' and new argument 'center' for 
         the function 'predecor_control'.

    o    New argument 'fast' for 'tvcm_control' to control whether an
         approximative or the accurate model is used at exhaustive search.

    o    Corrected bugs in 'tvcm_exsearch_nomToOrd' and 'tvcm_getNumSplits' 
         which appeared in in special cases.

    o    Improved help manual for 'tvcglm' and 'tvcolmm'.

    o    Revised references.


Changes in Version 0.2-3

    o    Added contr.wsum function.

    o    Added 'seed' argument to 'otsplot_control'.

    o    Internal changes for exhaustive search of 'tvcm'.

    o    Improved documentation.


Changes in Version 0.2-2

    o    Added seed option to 'tvcm_control'.

    o    The new implementation clearly distinguishes between the two 
         functions 'tvcolmm' and 'tvcolmm' with separate help files. 
	 The general function 'tvcm' is still available.

    o    Added convenience function 'tvcolmm_control' and 
         'tvglm_control'.

    o    Improvement for 'panel_coef': Points and lines surpassing
         the boxes are now suppressed.

    o    Added variable centering as default for split selection.

    o    Redefinition of tuning parameters for 'tvcm'. The main 
         tuning parameter is now 'cp'. See the help of 'tvcm' and 
         'tvcm_control' for details. 

    o    Added 'nimpute' argument for 'tvcm_control'.

    o    Added detail section to the help page of 'tvcm_control'.

    o    Removed AIC table from 'print.tvcm' (AIC and BIC seem not
         relevant measures for models fitted by 'tvcm').

    o    Added 'PL' data set.

    o    Removed bug for numeric estimation of covariance of 'olmm'
         objects.

    o    Added 'depth' and 'width' methods.


Changes in Version 0.2-1

    o    First CRAN release.

    o    'tvcm' and 'fvcm' allow for multiple 'vc' terms, i.e. 
         coefficient-specific partitions.

    o    Complete revision of syntaxes, argument names and  default 
         parameters. R commands for the former version 0.1-14 are 
         hardly compatibel. Please contact <rbuergin@gmx.ch> 
         in case of questions.

    o    The default splitting criterion of 'tvcm' was changed from 
         (old) coefficient constancy tests combined with greedy loss 
         minimization to (new) exhaustive greedy loss minimization. Splitting 
         based on the (old) requires to set the argument 'sctest = TRUE' in 
         'tvcm_control'.

     o	 The greedy loss reduction minimization stage of 'tvcm' does now 
         fixate coefficients which are not splitted at the estimates of 
         the current model. The technique intends acceleration.

     o   Cross-validation is now integrated in the 'tvcm' function.

     o   'cvloss' and 'prune' are parallelized using the 'parallel' package.